>>> JOINING ME NOW IS SENATOR
>>> JOINING ME NOW IS SENATOR ELIZABETH WARREN DEMOCRAT FROM
ELIZABETH WARREN DEMOCRAT FROM MASSACHUSETTS AND A 2020
MASSACHUSETTS AND A 2020 PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE.
PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE. THANKS FOR BEING HERE.
THANKS FOR BEING HERE. >> THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU. I’M DELIGHTED TO BE HERE.
I’M DELIGHTED TO BE HERE. >> YOU HAVE CRITICIZED A LOT OF
>> YOU HAVE CRITICIZED A LOT OF BIG BANKS.
BIG BANKS. TODAY YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT
TODAY YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT BREAKING UP BIG TECH.
BREAKING UP BIG TECH. WHY?
WHY? >> SO HERE’S THE DEAL.
>> SO HERE’S THE DEAL. WE NEED REAL COMPETITION IN THIS
WE NEED REAL COMPETITION IN THIS FIELD.
FIELD. AND THERE’S A PROBLEM.
AND THERE’S A PROBLEM. SO AMAZON, GOOGLE, THEY OWN A
SO AMAZON, GOOGLE, THEY OWN A PLATFORM WHICH IS PRETTY COOL.
PLATFORM WHICH IS PRETTY COOL. WHERE EVERYBODY COMES TO BUY AND
WHERE EVERYBODY COMES TO BUY AND SELL OR TO DO THE SEARCHES.
SELL OR TO DO THE SEARCHES. AND AT THE SAME TIME, THEY OWN A
AND AT THE SAME TIME, THEY OWN A BUNCH OF BUSINESSES THAT ARE
BUNCH OF BUSINESSES THAT ARE COMPETING WITH ALL THOSE FOLKS
COMPETING WITH ALL THOSE FOLKS WHO ARE COMING, SAY, TO AMAZON
WHO ARE COMING, SAY, TO AMAZON IN ORDER TO SELL THEIR GOODS.
IN ORDER TO SELL THEIR GOODS. AND THEY DON’T JUST COMPETE
AND THEY DON’T JUST COMPETE STRAIGHT UP.
STRAIGHT UP. THEY COMPETE BY BEING ABLE TO
THEY COMPETE BY BEING ABLE TO KEEP ALL OF THE INFORMATION FROM
KEEP ALL OF THE INFORMATION FROM EVERY ONE OF THOSE COMPANIES.
EVERY ONE OF THOSE COMPANIES. AND THEN DECIDE, OH.
AND THEN DECIDE, OH. I’M GOING AFTER YOU AND YOU AND
I’M GOING AFTER YOU AND YOU AND I KNOW HOW MUCH TO CHARGE AND I
I KNOW HOW MUCH TO CHARGE AND I KNOW WHAT KIND OF VOLUME TO KP
KNOW WHAT KIND OF VOLUME TO KP PT.
PT. IT’S A LITTLE LIKE BEING AN
IT’S A LITTLE LIKE BEING AN UMPIRE IN BASEBALL AND OWNING A
UMPIRE IN BASEBALL AND OWNING A TEAM.
TEAM. MY VIEW IS YOU CAN DO ONE, BE AN
MY VIEW IS YOU CAN DO ONE, BE AN UMPIRE, OR THE OTHER, OWN A
UMPIRE, OR THE OTHER, OWN A TEAM.
TEAM. BUT YOU DON’T GET TO DO BOTH AT
BUT YOU DON’T GET TO DO BOTH AT THE SAME TIME.
THE SAME TIME. >> YOU WANT TO REGULATE SO THEY
>> YOU WANT TO REGULATE SO THEY DON’T JUST FAVOR THEMSELVES.
DON’T JUST FAVOR THEMSELVES. YOU DROPPED THIS PLAN TODAY.
YOU DROPPED THIS PLAN TODAY. THIS IS YOUR FIRST BIG TV
THIS IS YOUR FIRST BIG TV INTERVIEW ABOUT IT.
INTERVIEW ABOUT IT. LET’S LOOK AT SOME OF THE
LET’S LOOK AT SOME OF THE RECEPTION TODAY.
RECEPTION TODAY. >> ELIZABETH WARREN IS GOING
>> ELIZABETH WARREN IS GOING AFTER BIG TECH COMPANIES.
AFTER BIG TECH COMPANIES. >> WARREN BREAKING UP AMAZON,
>> WARREN BREAKING UP AMAZON, GOOGLE, AND OTHER TECH GIANTS.
GOOGLE, AND OTHER TECH GIANTS. >> THIS IS THE TOUGHEST PLAN
>> THIS IS THE TOUGHEST PLAN WE’VE SEEN TO DATE FROM ANY OF
WE’VE SEEN TO DATE FROM ANY OF THE CONTENDERS.
THE CONTENDERS. >> HER HUGE SHAKEUP IN THE TECH
>> HER HUGE SHAKEUP IN THE TECH SECTOR.
SECTOR. >> IT’S BIG AND BOLD.
>> IT’S BIG AND BOLD. >> COULD SHE REALLY FORCE THIS
>> COULD SHE REALLY FORCE THIS KIND OF BREAKUP?
KIND OF BREAKUP? >> COULD SHE REALLY DO IT?
>> COULD SHE REALLY DO IT? >> YOU BET.
>> YOU BET. >> WHAT’S THE ANSWER?
>> WHAT’S THE ANSWER? >> THE ANSWER IS YES.
>> THE ANSWER IS YES. LET’S BE REALLY CLEAR ABOUT
LET’S BE REALLY CLEAR ABOUT THIS.
THIS. IF YOU STILL WANT TO BE ABLE TO
IF YOU STILL WANT TO BE ABLE TO SEARCH FOR COFFEE POTS AND LOOK
SEARCH FOR COFFEE POTS AND LOOK AT 63 CHOICES AND GET THE ONE
AT 63 CHOICES AND GET THE ONE THAT’S GOING TO BE THERE IN 48
THAT’S GOING TO BE THERE IN 48 HOURS, YOU CAN STILL DO THAT.
HOURS, YOU CAN STILL DO THAT. AS A CONSUMER.
AS A CONSUMER. THIS PRESERVES THE PLATFORM.
THIS PRESERVES THE PLATFORM. IF YOU STILL WANT TO GO ON
IF YOU STILL WANT TO GO ON GOOGLE AND FIND OUT THE CAPITAL
GOOGLE AND FIND OUT THE CAPITAL OF NORTH DAKOTA, YOU CAN TOTALLY
OF NORTH DAKOTA, YOU CAN TOTALLY DO IT.
DO IT. WHAT THIS IS ABOUT IS ABOUT
WHAT THIS IS ABOUT IS ABOUT COMPETITION.
COMPETITION. IT’S ABOUT ALL THOSE LITTLE
IT’S ABOUT ALL THOSE LITTLE BUSINESSES AND START-UP
BUSINESSES AND START-UP BUSINESSES AND ENTREPRENEURS WHO
BUSINESSES AND ENTREPRENEURS WHO WANT TO PUT THEIR PRODUCTS ON
WANT TO PUT THEIR PRODUCTS ON AMAZON OR ON GOOGLE AND WHO ARE
AMAZON OR ON GOOGLE AND WHO ARE AT AN ENORMOUS COMPETITIVE
AT AN ENORMOUS COMPETITIVE DISADVANTAGE.
DISADVANTAGE. BECAUSE AMAZON OR GOOGLE DECIDE
BECAUSE AMAZON OR GOOGLE DECIDE TO GO INTO KOMPL TIS WITH YOU
TO GO INTO KOMPL TIS WITH YOU AND PUT THEIR PRODUCT ON PAGE
AND PUT THEIR PRODUCT ON PAGE ONE AND YOUR PRODUCT BACK ON
ONE AND YOUR PRODUCT BACK ON PAGE SIX.
PAGE SIX. AND KILL YOUR BUSINESS.
AND KILL YOUR BUSINESS. >> LET’S GO THROUGH SOME OF
>> LET’S GO THROUGH SOME OF THESE COMPANIES SO WE CAN ALL
THESE COMPANIES SO WE CAN ALL UNDERSTAND.
UNDERSTAND. YES OR NO AND THEN WE’LL GET
YES OR NO AND THEN WE’LL GET INTO THEM.
INTO THEM. >> SURE.
>> SURE. >> DO YOU VIEW THEM AS OPERATING
>> DO YOU VIEW THEM AS OPERATING MONOPOLIES?
MONOPOLIES? GOOGLE.
GOOGLE. >> GOOGLE, YEAH.
>> GOOGLE, YEAH. PRETTY MUCH --
PRETTY MUCH -- >> AMAZON?
>> AMAZON? >> OH, YEAH.
>> OH, YEAH. CAN WE JUST DO ON AMAZON --
CAN WE JUST DO ON AMAZON -- >> FACEBOOK.
>> FACEBOOK. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> APPLE.
>> APPLE. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. SO LET’S LOOK AT FACEBOOK FIRST
SO LET’S LOOK AT FACEBOOK FIRST AND WE’LL GO THROUGH EACH OF
AND WE’LL GO THROUGH EACH OF THEM.
THEM. MR. ZUCKERBERG DISAGREES WITH
MR. ZUCKERBERG DISAGREES WITH YOU.
YOU. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> IS TWITTER THE SAME AS WHAT
>> IS TWITTER THE SAME AS WHAT YOU DO?
YOU DO? >> IT OVERLAPS WITH A PORTION OF
>> IT OVERLAPS WITH A PORTION OF WHAT WE DO.
WHAT WE DO. >> YOU DON’T THINK YOU HAVE A
>> YOU DON’T THINK YOU HAVE A MONOPOLY?
MONOPOLY? >> IT CERTAINLY DOESN’T FEEL
>> IT CERTAINLY DOESN’T FEEL LIKE THAT TO ME.
LIKE THAT TO ME. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. >> IS HE WRONG?
>> IS HE WRONG? >> YES.
>> YES. BECAUSE HE HAS THE FACEBOOK
BECAUSE HE HAS THE FACEBOOK PLATFORM.
PLATFORM. THAT’S THE KEY PART HERE.
THAT’S THE KEY PART HERE. SO IF YOU WANT TO CHECK ON WHAT
SO IF YOU WANT TO CHECK ON WHAT YOUR COLLEGE ROOMMATES ARE UP
YOUR COLLEGE ROOMMATES ARE UP TO, YOU GOT TO GO TO HIS
TO, YOU GOT TO GO TO HIS PLATFORM.
PLATFORM. AND THE PART THAT GETS ME AND I
AND THE PART THAT GETS ME AND I REALLY WANT TO DESCRIBE IT THIS
REALLY WANT TO DESCRIBE IT THIS WAY, MONOPOLY POWER IS THAT SO
WAY, MONOPOLY POWER IS THAT SO MANY FOLKS HAVE GOT TO COME TO
MANY FOLKS HAVE GOT TO COME TO HIS PLATFORM TO BE ABLE TO
HIS PLATFORM TO BE ABLE TO TRANSACT.
TRANSACT. HE WANTS TO BE ABLE TO SELL ADS,
HE WANTS TO BE ABLE TO SELL ADS, FOR EXAMPLE, ON THAT.
FOR EXAMPLE, ON THAT. THE PROBLEM IS HE’S SCOOPING ALL
THE PROBLEM IS HE’S SCOOPING ALL THIS INFORMATION UP --
THIS INFORMATION UP -- >> FACEBOOK IS YOUR ARM IN THIS
>> FACEBOOK IS YOUR ARM IN THIS ANALOGY?
ANALOGY? SO THIS IS THE FACEBOOK.
SO THIS IS THE FACEBOOK. >> THAT’S RIGHT.
>> THAT’S RIGHT. >> THEN WHAT GOES ON IT?
>> THEN WHAT GOES ON IT? >> WHAT HAPPENS IS HE USES ALL
>> WHAT HAPPENS IS HE USES ALL THIS INFORMATION AND THEN MAKES
THIS INFORMATION AND THEN MAKES THE DECISIONS ABOUT HOW TO SCOOP
THE DECISIONS ABOUT HOW TO SCOOP UP OTHERS IN THE MARKETPLACE.
UP OTHERS IN THE MARKETPLACE. FOR EXAMPLE, HE RUNS A BUY AND
FOR EXAMPLE, HE RUNS A BUY AND SELL FOR ADS.
SELL FOR ADS. SO HE’S IN EVERY POSITION ON
SO HE’S IN EVERY POSITION ON THAT.
THAT. A BUYER OF ADS, A SELLER OF ADS,
A BUYER OF ADS, A SELLER OF ADS, AND RUNNING A LITTLE PLATFORM
AND RUNNING A LITTLE PLATFORM WHERE THOSE ARE SOLD.
WHERE THOSE ARE SOLD. THAT JUST CREATES AN ENORMOUS
THAT JUST CREATES AN ENORMOUS COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE.
COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE. AND HERE’S THE PROBLEM.
AND HERE’S THE PROBLEM. ON EVERY ONE OF THESE.
ON EVERY ONE OF THESE. THESE ADVANTAGES ARE NOW SO
THESE ADVANTAGES ARE NOW SO ENORMOUS THAT VENTURE
ENORMOUS THAT VENTURE CAPITALISTS ARE STARTING TO SAY,
CAPITALISTS ARE STARTING TO SAY, WAIT A MINUTE.
WAIT A MINUTE. IF YOU’RE GOING TO GO INTO A
IF YOU’RE GOING TO GO INTO A SPACE WHERE YOU COULD IN SOME
SPACE WHERE YOU COULD IN SOME WAY BE CHALLENGING AMAZON OR BE
WAY BE CHALLENGING AMAZON OR BE CHALLENGING FACEBOOK OR BE
CHALLENGING FACEBOOK OR BE CHALLENGING GOOGLE,ING THE NOW
CHALLENGING GOOGLE,ING THE NOW REFERRED TO AS THE KILL ZONE.
REFERRED TO AS THE KILL ZONE. AND VENTURE CAPITAL HAS GONE
AND VENTURE CAPITAL HAS GONE DOWN.
DOWN. BY ABOUT 20% OVER THE PAST FIVE
BY ABOUT 20% OVER THE PAST FIVE YEARS OR SO BECAUSE THEY’RE JUST
YEARS OR SO BECAUSE THEY’RE JUST SAYING IT DOESN’T MAKE ANY
SAYING IT DOESN’T MAKE ANY SENSE.
SENSE. >> SO IF YOUR PLAN IS ENACTED,
>> SO IF YOUR PLAN IS ENACTED, DO EACH OF THOSE COMPANIES GET
DO EACH OF THOSE COMPANIES GET SOMEWHAT BROKEN UP?
SOMEWHAT BROKEN UP? >> SO WHAT THEY GET IS THE
>> SO WHAT THEY GET IS THE PLATFORM GETS BROKEN OFF FROM
PLATFORM GETS BROKEN OFF FROM THE INDIVIDUAL COMPANIES.
THE INDIVIDUAL COMPANIES. THAT’S ALL I’M SAYING.
THAT’S ALL I’M SAYING. YOU CAN STILL USE THE PLATFORM.
YOU CAN STILL USE THE PLATFORM. >> YOU’RE SAYING IT’S GOOD FOR
>> YOU’RE SAYING IT’S GOOD FOR CONSUMERS?
CONSUMERS? >> IT’S EXCELLENT FOR CONSUMERS.
>> IT’S EXCELLENT FOR CONSUMERS. BECAUSE IT NOT ONLY MEANS THE
BECAUSE IT NOT ONLY MEANS THE PLATFORM WILL BE LEVEL.
PLATFORM WILL BE LEVEL. YOU’RE NOT GETTING SOMETHING
YOU’RE NOT GETTING SOMETHING FROM AMAZON PUSHED OUT IN FRONT
FROM AMAZON PUSHED OUT IN FRONT OF YOU.
OF YOU. AND A BETTER COMPETITOR HIDDEN
AND A BETTER COMPETITOR HIDDEN BACK ON PAGE SIX.
BACK ON PAGE SIX. IT ALSO MEANS THE NEXT GOOD IDEA
IT ALSO MEANS THE NEXT GOOD IDEA HAS A CHANCE TO MATURE.
HAS A CHANCE TO MATURE. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. THAT AMAZON JUST LIKE EVERYONE
THAT AMAZON JUST LIKE EVERYONE REMEMBERS WITH BOOK SELLERS IS
REMEMBERS WITH BOOK SELLERS IS NOT GOING TO BE KNEECAPPING
NOT GOING TO BE KNEECAPPING EVERYONE.
EVERYONE. YOU’RE HERE ANNOUNCING THIS
YOU’RE HERE ANNOUNCING THIS TONIGHT AND CAMPAIGNING IN LONG
TONIGHT AND CAMPAIGNING IN LONG ISLAND CITY WHERE AMAZON JUST
ISLAND CITY WHERE AMAZON JUST PULLED OUT.
PULLED OUT. IS THAT DELIBERATE?
IS THAT DELIBERATE? >> YOU BET IT’S DELIBERATE.
>> YOU BET IT’S DELIBERATE. >> WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
>> WHAT ARE YOU SAYING? >> WHAT I’M TALKING ABOUT IS HOW
>> WHAT I’M TALKING ABOUT IS HOW BIG THESE TECH GIANTS HAVE
BIG THESE TECH GIANTS HAVE GOTTEN.
GOTTEN. SOP THAT WHAT WE SEE AND WE SAW
SOP THAT WHAT WE SEE AND WE SAW THERE ON LONG ISLAND CITY IS
THERE ON LONG ISLAND CITY IS THEY COME IN, THEY BULLY TOWNS,
THEY COME IN, THEY BULLY TOWNS, CITIES, STATES ALL AROUND THE
CITIES, STATES ALL AROUND THE COUNTRY.
COUNTRY. YOU KNOW, THE HANDFUL OF TECH
YOU KNOW, THE HANDFUL OF TECH GIANTS HAVE GOTTEN MORE THAN $10
GIANTS HAVE GOTTEN MORE THAN $10 BILLION IN BREAKS FROM TOWNS AND
BILLION IN BREAKS FROM TOWNS AND CITIES AND STATES OVER THE PAST
CITIES AND STATES OVER THE PAST FEW YEARS.
FEW YEARS. >> CORPORATE WELFARE.
>> CORPORATE WELFARE. >> THAT’S RIGHT.
>> THAT’S RIGHT. >> IS THAT A PROBLEM WITH THE
>> IS THAT A PROBLEM WITH THE INCENTIVES OR WAS NEW YORK WRONG
INCENTIVES OR WAS NEW YORK WRONG TO GIVE THEM THAT MUCH OF AN
TO GIVE THEM THAT MUCH OF AN OFFER?
OFFER? >> THE PROBLEM IS THE HUNGER
>> THE PROBLEM IS THE HUNGER GAMES ABOUT IT.
GAMES ABOUT IT. BECAUSE THAT’S WHAT’S HAPPENING
BECAUSE THAT’S WHAT’S HAPPENING HERE.
HERE. AND IT’S A PROBLEM BECAUSE IT
AND IT’S A PROBLEM BECAUSE IT CREATES MORE CONCENTRATION IN
CREATES MORE CONCENTRATION IN THE INDUSTRY.
THE INDUSTRY. YOU KNOW, THEY’RE NOT OFFERING
YOU KNOW, THEY’RE NOT OFFERING THE CITIES AND TOWNS A ZILLION
THE CITIES AND TOWNS A ZILLION BUCKS IN GOODIES AND TAX BREAKS
BUCKS IN GOODIES AND TAX BREAKS TO THE ENTREPRENEUR WHO’S
TO THE ENTREPRENEUR WHO’S GETTING STARTED TO THE SMALL
GETTING STARTED TO THE SMALL BUSINESS THAT’S TRYING TO MAKE A
BUSINESS THAT’S TRYING TO MAKE A GO OF IT.
GO OF IT. EVEN TO THE MEDIUM SIZED
EVEN TO THE MEDIUM SIZED BUSINESS AND BIG BUSINESS THAT
BUSINESS AND BIG BUSINESS THAT WANT TO GROW MORE.
WANT TO GROW MORE. NOPE.
NOPE. THIS IS ABOUT THE GIANTS WHO ARE
THIS IS ABOUT THE GIANTS WHO ARE ABLE TO SWAGGER INTO TOWN AND
ABLE TO SWAGGER INTO TOWN AND SAY, LAY IN FRONT OF ME WHAT
SAY, LAY IN FRONT OF ME WHAT YOU’RE GOING OFFER.
YOU’RE GOING OFFER. AND I’LL DECIDE IF I LIKE IT OR
AND I’LL DECIDE IF I LIKE IT OR NOT AND THEN I’LL GO SOMEWHERE
NOT AND THEN I’LL GO SOMEWHERE ELSE AND SEE WHAT THEY’LL OFFER.
ELSE AND SEE WHAT THEY’LL OFFER. BY THE WAY, IF YOU START ASKING
BY THE WAY, IF YOU START ASKING ME HARD QUESTIONS ABOUT THE
ME HARD QUESTIONS ABOUT THE JOBS, ABOUT WHERE THE MONEY’S
JOBS, ABOUT WHERE THE MONEY’S GOING TO COME FROM, ABOUT HOW
GOING TO COME FROM, ABOUT HOW MUCH GUARANTEE I’M PUTTING INTO
MUCH GUARANTEE I’M PUTTING INTO THIS, I’LL JUST GET MAD AND GO
THIS, I’LL JUST GET MAD AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
SOMEWHERE ELSE. >> YOUR NEW PLAN ALSO TALKS A
>> YOUR NEW PLAN ALSO TALKS A LOT ABOUT ANTITRUST.
LOT ABOUT ANTITRUST. YOU’VE BEEN CRITICAL OF THE AT&amp;T
YOU’VE BEEN CRITICAL OF THE AT&amp;T MERGER WITH CNN’S PARENT
MERGER WITH CNN’S PARENT COMPANY.
COMPANY. SO HAS DONALD TRUMP BUT HIS
SO HAS DONALD TRUMP BUT HIS REASON WAS HE WANTED TO USE
REASON WAS HE WANTED TO USE THOSE POWERS TO BEAT UP ON CNN.
THOSE POWERS TO BEAT UP ON CNN. >> THAT’S RIGHT.
>> THAT’S RIGHT. >> IS THAT WRONG AND IF SO WHAT
>> IS THAT WRONG AND IF SO WHAT DO YOU DO ABOUT IT?
DO YOU DO ABOUT IT? >> IT’S VERY WRONG.
>> IT’S VERY WRONG. FOR THE PRESIDENT TO SAY I WANT
FOR THE PRESIDENT TO SAY I WANT TO SEE AN ANTITRUST PROSECUTION
TO SEE AN ANTITRUST PROSECUTION BASED ON POLITICAL ADVANTAGE TO
BASED ON POLITICAL ADVANTAGE TO THE PRESIDENT, IT’S ABOUT AS
THE PRESIDENT, IT’S ABOUT AS WRONG AS IT GETS.
WRONG AS IT GETS. WHAT I WANT TO SEE IS ANTITRUST
WHAT I WANT TO SEE IS ANTITRUST ENFORCEMENT BECAUSE IT PROTECTS
ENFORCEMENT BECAUSE IT PROTECTS MARKETS.
MARKETS. BECAUSE IT PROTECTS SMALL
BECAUSE IT PROTECTS SMALL COMPETITORS.
COMPETITORS. BECAUSE IT PROTECTS CONSUMERS
BECAUSE IT PROTECTS CONSUMERS OVER THE LONG RUN.
OVER THE LONG RUN. >> SO HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH WHAT
>> SO HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH WHAT HE HAS ALLEGEDLY DONE?
HE HAS ALLEGEDLY DONE? AND SHOULD THERE BE PUNISHMENT
AND SHOULD THERE BE PUNISHMENT FOR THAT?
FOR THAT? >> WELL, I THINK -- I THINK
>> WELL, I THINK -- I THINK THERE’S GOING TO BE A VERY
THERE’S GOING TO BE A VERY SERIOUS INVESTIGATION ABOUT
SERIOUS INVESTIGATION ABOUT THIS.
THIS. THERE’S A FUNDAMENTAL QUESTION
THERE’S A FUNDAMENTAL QUESTION ABOUT WHETHER WHAT HE’S DONE WAS
ABOUT WHETHER WHAT HE’S DONE WAS LEGAL.
LEGAL. >> THAT MAY HAVE BEEN A LEGAL
>> THAT MAY HAVE BEEN A LEGAL WAY TO ATTACK CNN.
WAY TO ATTACK CNN. >> MAY HAVE BEEN.
>> MAY HAVE BEEN. >> LET’S GO TO THE WAY THE
>> LET’S GO TO THE WAY THE TREASURY DEPARTMENT IS RUN.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT IS RUN. I’LL DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO A
I’LL DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO A SIMPLE ILLUSTRATION ON THE
SIMPLE ILLUSTRATION ON THE SCREEN.
SCREEN. YOU HAVE IN THE RED ZONE THERE
YOU HAVE IN THE RED ZONE THERE GOLDMAN SACHS AS PART OF
GOLDMAN SACHS AS PART OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT LEADERSHIP.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT LEADERSHIP. IF YOU GO BACK TO THE OBAMA ERA,
IF YOU GO BACK TO THE OBAMA ERA, WE HAD GOLDMAN SACHS FORMER
WE HAD GOLDMAN SACHS FORMER EXECUTIVES RUNNING TREASURY
EXECUTIVES RUNNING TREASURY THEN.
THEN. BUSH, ALSO GOLDMAN SACHS, ALSO
BUSH, ALSO GOLDMAN SACHS, ALSO GOLDMAN SACHS.
GOLDMAN SACHS. IN A WARREN ADMINISTRATION,
IN A WARREN ADMINISTRATION, WOULD THERE BE A FORMER GOLDMAN
WOULD THERE BE A FORMER GOLDMAN SACHS EXECUTIVE RUNNING THE
SACHS EXECUTIVE RUNNING THE TREASURY?
TREASURY? >> NOPE.
>> NOPE. LET ME TELL YOU WHY.
LET ME TELL YOU WHY. THE PROBLEM WE’VE GOT RIGHT NOW
THE PROBLEM WE’VE GOT RIGHT NOW IS A REVOLVING DOOR BETWEEN
IS A REVOLVING DOOR BETWEEN WASHINGTON AND WALL STREET THAT
WASHINGTON AND WALL STREET THAT CAUSES EVERYBODY TO BE ON GUESS
CAUSES EVERYBODY TO BE ON GUESS FOR WAIT A MINUTE, THE NEXT TIME
FOR WAIT A MINUTE, THE NEXT TIME THIS TREASURY SECRETARY PUTS
THIS TREASURY SECRETARY PUTS FORWARD A PROPOSAL, IS IT
FORWARD A PROPOSAL, IS IT BECAUSE IT REALLY HELPS THE
BECAUSE IT REALLY HELPS THE ECONOMY?
ECONOMY? HELPS THE AMERICAN CONSUMER?
HELPS THE AMERICAN CONSUMER? HELPS THE AMERICAN HOMEOWNER?
HELPS THE AMERICAN HOMEOWNER? OR IS IT BECAUSE IT HELPS THEIR
OR IS IT BECAUSE IT HELPS THEIR FORMER AND POSSIBLY FUTURE
FORMER AND POSSIBLY FUTURE EMPLOYER?
EMPLOYER? LET’S JUST DO FOR ONE SECOND
LET’S JUST DO FOR ONE SECOND THIS GARY COHN EXAMPLE.
THIS GARY COHN EXAMPLE. ANOTHER GOLDMAN SACHS.
ANOTHER GOLDMAN SACHS. YOU REMEMBER.
YOU REMEMBER. TRUMP APPOINTS GARY COHN.
TRUMP APPOINTS GARY COHN. HE LEAVES GOLDMAN SACHS.
HE LEAVES GOLDMAN SACHS. AND GARY COHN IS GOING TO HAVE
AND GARY COHN IS GOING TO HAVE EXACTLY ONE JOB.
EXACTLY ONE JOB. AND THAT IS TO RAMROD THROUGH A
AND THAT IS TO RAMROD THROUGH A REWRITE OF THE TAX LAWS THAT
REWRITE OF THE TAX LAWS THAT WILL PROFOUNDLY AFFECT GOLDMAN
WILL PROFOUNDLY AFFECT GOLDMAN SACHS.
SACHS. WHAT DOES GOLDMAN SACHS DO AS
WHAT DOES GOLDMAN SACHS DO AS GARY WALKS OUT THE DOOR?
GARY WALKS OUT THE DOOR? THEY HAND HIM NEARLY A QUARTER
THEY HAND HIM NEARLY A QUARTER OF A BILLION DOLLARS.
OF A BILLION DOLLARS. IT’S A GIFT.
IT’S A GIFT. THEY DON’T HAVE TO.
THEY DON’T HAVE TO. >> IS IT LEGAL BRIBERY?
>> IS IT LEGAL BRIBERY? >> I THINK OF IT AS A PRE-BRIBE.
>> I THINK OF IT AS A PRE-BRIBE. >> PRE-BRIBE?
>> PRE-BRIBE? >> YES.
>> YES. SO THEN GARY GOES OUT AND GUESS
SO THEN GARY GOES OUT AND GUESS WHAT HE DOES.
WHAT HE DOES. HE WRITES A TAX LAW AND MANAGES
HE WRITES A TAX LAW AND MANAGES TO HELP RAMROD IT THROUGH THAT
TO HELP RAMROD IT THROUGH THAT BENEFITS GOLDMAN SACHS TO THE
BENEFITS GOLDMAN SACHS TO THE TUNE OF, OH, A QUARTER OF A
TUNE OF, OH, A QUARTER OF A BILLION DOLLARS IN THE FIRST GO
BILLION DOLLARS IN THE FIRST GO AROUND.
AROUND. AND THEN IT’S THE GIFT THAT
AND THEN IT’S THE GIFT THAT KEEPS ON GIVING.
KEEPS ON GIVING. >> WHAT YOU’RE SAYING MAKES
>> WHAT YOU’RE SAYING MAKES SENSE AND WE HAVE SUCH RIPE
SENSE AND WE HAVE SUCH RIPE TARGETS I THINK PEOPLE COULD
TARGETS I THINK PEOPLE COULD UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU’RE POINTING
UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU’RE POINTING TO.
TO. BUT WHAT DOES IT MEAN FOR THE
BUT WHAT DOES IT MEAN FOR THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY IF THIS WAS
DEMOCRATIC PARTY IF THIS WAS ALSO HOW OBAMA AND CLINTON RAN
ALSO HOW OBAMA AND CLINTON RAN THE TREASURY?
THE TREASURY? WOULD YOU BE A FUNDAMENTAL BREAK
WOULD YOU BE A FUNDAMENTAL BREAK WITH THAT IS THE QUESTION.
WITH THAT IS THE QUESTION. >> THE PROBLEM -- I HAVE WRITTEN
>> THE PROBLEM -- I HAVE WRITTEN THE BIGGEST ANTICORRUPTION BILL
THE BIGGEST ANTICORRUPTION BILL SINCE WATERGATE.
SINCE WATERGATE. BECAUSE WE HAVE A FUNDAMENTAL
BECAUSE WE HAVE A FUNDAMENTAL PROBLEM IN WASHINGTON.
PROBLEM IN WASHINGTON. AND UNDERSTAND IT’S A PROBLEM
AND UNDERSTAND IT’S A PROBLEM THAT PREDATES TRUMP BY DECADES.
THAT PREDATES TRUMP BY DECADES. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. >> TRUMP MAY BE THE MOST EXTREME
>> TRUMP MAY BE THE MOST EXTREME EXAMPLE NOW.
EXAMPLE NOW. THE PRE-BRIBES OF GARY COHN, FOR
THE PRE-BRIBES OF GARY COHN, FOR EXAMPLE.
EXAMPLE. BUT WE HAVE A LONG STANDING
BUT WE HAVE A LONG STANDING PROBLEM.
PROBLEM. AND THAT’S THE INFLUENCE OF
AND THAT’S THE INFLUENCE OF MONEY ON DECISION MAKING IN
MONEY ON DECISION MAKING IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. SO THIS BILL HAS LOTS OF PIECES
SO THIS BILL HAS LOTS OF PIECES TO IT INCLUDING CLOSING THE
TO IT INCLUDING CLOSING THE REVOLVEING DOOR BETWEEN WALL
REVOLVEING DOOR BETWEEN WALL STREET AND WASHINGTON.
STREET AND WASHINGTON. ENDING LOBBYING AS WE KNOW IT.
ENDING LOBBYING AS WE KNOW IT. PUTTING A REAL ETHICS COP ON THE
PUTTING A REAL ETHICS COP ON THE BEAT SAYING THAT THE HEADS OF
BEAT SAYING THAT THE HEADS OF THESE AGENCIES CANNOT BE TRADING
THESE AGENCIES CANNOT BE TRADING IN STOCK.
IN STOCK. >> SO AS A POLITICAL MATTER, ARE
>> SO AS A POLITICAL MATTER, ARE YOU BASICALLY WRITING OFF A
YOU BASICALLY WRITING OFF A BUNCH OF WALL STREET MONEY AND
BUNCH OF WALL STREET MONEY AND TODAY YOU’RE WRITING OFF A BUNCH
TODAY YOU’RE WRITING OFF A BUNCH OF SILICON VALLEY MONEY?
OF SILICON VALLEY MONEY? >> MAYBE.
>> MAYBE. BUT THIS ISN’T ABOUT THE MONEY.
BUT THIS ISN’T ABOUT THE MONEY. THIS IS ABOUT HOW IT IS WE’RE
THIS IS ABOUT HOW IT IS WE’RE GOING TO MAKE THIS COUNTRY WORK
GOING TO MAKE THIS COUNTRY WORK AGAIN NOT JUST FOR THE RICH AND
AGAIN NOT JUST FOR THE RICH AND THE POWERFUL.
THE POWERFUL. HOW WE’RE GOING TO MAKE IT WORK
HOW WE’RE GOING TO MAKE IT WORK FOR EVERYONE.
FOR EVERYONE. YOU KNOW, WE LIVE IN AN AMERICA
YOU KNOW, WE LIVE IN AN AMERICA RIGHT NOW WHERE WASHINGTON WORKS
RIGHT NOW WHERE WASHINGTON WORKS GREAT FOR GIANT DRUG COMPANIES,
GREAT FOR GIANT DRUG COMPANIES, JUST NOT FOR PEOPLE TRYING TO
JUST NOT FOR PEOPLE TRYING TO FILL A PRESCRIPTION.
FILL A PRESCRIPTION. >> YOU TALK ABOUT HOW THE
>> YOU TALK ABOUT HOW THE BELTWAY WORKS.
BELTWAY WORKS. EVERYONE HAS BEEN TALKING ABOUT
EVERYONE HAS BEEN TALKING ABOUT THE RATHER LIGHT SENTENCE THAT
THE RATHER LIGHT SENTENCE THAT PAUL MANAFORT GOT.
PAUL MANAFORT GOT. WHEN YOU LOOK AT THAT, DOES THAT
WHEN YOU LOOK AT THAT, DOES THAT REFLECT WHAT YOU’RE SAYING?
REFLECT WHAT YOU’RE SAYING? >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> WASHINGTON WORKS WELL FOR THE
>> WASHINGTON WORKS WELL FOR THE CONNECTED AND AFFLUENT AND
CONNECTED AND AFFLUENT AND NOBODY ELSE?
NOBODY ELSE? >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. IT’S TWO DIFFERENT JUSTICE
IT’S TWO DIFFERENT JUSTICE SYSTEMS.
SYSTEMS. EQUAL JUSTICE UNDER LAW.
EQUAL JUSTICE UNDER LAW. BUT LOOK AT THE REALITY.
BUT LOOK AT THE REALITY. PEOPLE WHO GOT BUCKETS OF MONEY
PEOPLE WHO GOT BUCKETS OF MONEY AND ARE WELL CONNECTED GET
AND ARE WELL CONNECTED GET TREATED WITH KID GLOVES.
TREATED WITH KID GLOVES. AND EVERYBODY ELSE DOESN’T.
AND EVERYBODY ELSE DOESN’T. >> DO YOU THINK WHEN YOU LOOK AT
>> DO YOU THINK WHEN YOU LOOK AT THAT STATISTICALLY THAT A
THAT STATISTICALLY THAT A SIMILAR DEFENDANT WHO MIGHT HAVE
SIMILAR DEFENDANT WHO MIGHT HAVE BEEN POOR AND BLACK WOULD HAVE
BEEN POOR AND BLACK WOULD HAVE GOTTEN A DIFFERENT SENTENCE.
GOTTEN A DIFFERENT SENTENCE. >> OH, WE KNOW THE DATA ON THIS.
>> OH, WE KNOW THE DATA ON THIS. OF COURSE THE SENTENCE WOULD
OF COURSE THE SENTENCE WOULD HAVE BEEN DIFFERENT.
HAVE BEEN DIFFERENT. IN FACT, STUDY AFTER STUDY AFTER
IN FACT, STUDY AFTER STUDY AFTER STUDY SHOWS THAT FOR THE EXACT
STUDY SHOWS THAT FOR THE EXACT SAME CRIMES, AFRICAN-AMERICANS
SAME CRIMES, AFRICAN-AMERICANS ARE MORE LIKELY THAN WHITES TO
ARE MORE LIKELY THAN WHITES TO BE ARRESTED, TO BE PROSECUTED,
BE ARRESTED, TO BE PROSECUTED, TO BE WRONGFULLY CONVICTED, AND
TO BE WRONGFULLY CONVICTED, AND TO RECEIVE HARSHER SENTENCES.
TO RECEIVE HARSHER SENTENCES. RACE MATTERS IN OUR CRIMINAL
RACE MATTERS IN OUR CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM.
JUSTICE SYSTEM. AND IT IS NOT A SYSTEM OF EQUAL
AND IT IS NOT A SYSTEM OF EQUAL JUSTICE UNDER LAW.
JUSTICE UNDER LAW. >> ON THE MUELLER PROBE, I READ
>> ON THE MUELLER PROBE, I READ A PLEDGE YOU RECENTLY MADE.
A PLEDGE YOU RECENTLY MADE. YOU SAID -- THIS IS INTERESTING.
YOU SAID -- THIS IS INTERESTING. YOU WOULD ISSUE, QUOTE, NO
YOU WOULD ISSUE, QUOTE, NO PARDONS FOR ANYONE IMPLICATED IN
PARDONS FOR ANYONE IMPLICATED IN THE INVESTIGATIONS INTO DONALD
THE INVESTIGATIONS INTO DONALD TRUMP.
TRUMP. >> UH-HUH.
>> UH-HUH. >> HOW CAN YOU KNOW THAT BEFORE
>> HOW CAN YOU KNOW THAT BEFORE THE INVESTIGATIONS ARE OVER?
THE INVESTIGATIONS ARE OVER? WOULD THAT INCLUDE SOMEONE LIKE
WOULD THAT INCLUDE SOMEONE LIKE ANDY McCABE, THE FORMER ACTING
ANDY McCABE, THE FORMER ACTING FBI DIRECTOR WHO’S UNDER
FBI DIRECTOR WHO’S UNDER INVESTIGATION RIGHT NOW IN THE
INVESTIGATION RIGHT NOW IN THE D.C. OFFICE?
D.C. OFFICE? >> BECAUSE I KNOW WHAT PARDONS
>> BECAUSE I KNOW WHAT PARDONS ARE FOR.
ARE FOR. PARDONS ARE THERE FOR THE
PARDONS ARE THERE FOR THE POWERLESS TO SHOW A LITTLE
POWERLESS TO SHOW A LITTLE JUSTICE.
JUSTICE. THAT THEY NEED.
THAT THEY NEED. PARDONS ARE NOT THERE AS PART OF
PARDONS ARE NOT THERE AS PART OF A PLEA AGREEMENT.
A PLEA AGREEMENT. THAT’S SOMEWHERE ELSE IN THE
THAT’S SOMEWHERE ELSE IN THE SYSTEM.
SYSTEM. WE RESERVE PARDONS FOR THOSE
WE RESERVE PARDONS FOR THOSE PEOPLE WHO DIDN’T RECEIVE
PEOPLE WHO DIDN’T RECEIVE JUSTICE UNDER THE LAW.
JUSTICE UNDER THE LAW. AND I’M NOT THERE TO SAY PARDONS
AND I’M NOT THERE TO SAY PARDONS ARE GOING TO BE PART OF A
ARE GOING TO BE PART OF A POLITICAL HORSE TRADE OF MY
POLITICAL HORSE TRADE OF MY ADMINISTRATION.
ADMINISTRATION. HUH-UH.
HUH-UH. >> DOES THAT MEAN YOU WOULD
>> DOES THAT MEAN YOU WOULD COMMIT TO SAYING YOU’RE NEVER
COMMIT TO SAYING YOU’RE NEVER GOING TO PARDON ANYONE THAT
GOING TO PARDON ANYONE THAT WORKED DIRECTLY FOR YOU?
WORKED DIRECTLY FOR YOU? >> I ASSUME SO.
>> I ASSUME SO. I DON’T KNOW IF ANY CASE WHY I
I DON’T KNOW IF ANY CASE WHY I WOULD DO THAT.
WOULD DO THAT. THIS IS ABOUT THE POWERLESS.
THIS IS ABOUT THE POWERLESS. THAT’S WHAT PARDONS ARE SUPPOSED
THAT’S WHAT PARDONS ARE SUPPOSED TO BE ABOUT.
TO BE ABOUT. NOT ABOUT PEOPLE WHO HAVE
NOT ABOUT PEOPLE WHO HAVE CONNECTIONS.
CONNECTIONS. NOT ABOUT PEOPLE WHO -- NOT
NOT ABOUT PEOPLE WHO -- NOT ABOUT PEOPLE WHO HAVE A WAY TO
ABOUT PEOPLE WHO HAVE A WAY TO BE PROTECTED, WHO CAN HIRE THE
BE PROTECTED, WHO CAN HIRE THE LAWYERS, WHO GET TO WORK THEIR
LAWYERS, WHO GET TO WORK THEIR WAY THROUGH THE SYSTEM, WHO GET
WAY THROUGH THE SYSTEM, WHO GET THE BEST REPRESENTATION.
THE BEST REPRESENTATION. PARDONS ARE ABOUT ONE LAST WAY
PARDONS ARE ABOUT ONE LAST WAY THAT WE TRY TO PUT A LITTLE
THAT WE TRY TO PUT A LITTLE JUSTICE BACK INTO A SYSTEM THAT
JUSTICE BACK INTO A SYSTEM THAT TODAY IS VERY UNJUST.
TODAY IS VERY UNJUST. >> IF BOB MUELLER FINISHES THIS
>> IF BOB MUELLER FINISHES THIS PROBE WITH NO FURTHER
PROBE WITH NO FURTHER INDICTMENTS, SO THEY DON’T
INDICTMENTS, SO THEY DON’T INDICT ANYONE IN AMERICA FOR
INDICT ANYONE IN AMERICA FOR HELPING THE RUSSIANS COLLUDE,
HELPING THE RUSSIANS COLLUDE, WHAT DO YOU THINK THEN IS THE
WHAT DO YOU THINK THEN IS THE CONCLUSION AND DO PEOPLE WHO
CONCLUSION AND DO PEOPLE WHO WERE HOPING THIS WOULD ALL BUST
WERE HOPING THIS WOULD ALL BUST DONALD TRUMP HAVE TO ACCEPT
DONALD TRUMP HAVE TO ACCEPT THOSE LAWFUL FINDINGS EVEN IF
THOSE LAWFUL FINDINGS EVEN IF THEY DON’T GO AS FAR AS SOME
THEY DON’T GO AS FAR AS SOME WANT?
WANT? >> SO LOOK.
>> SO LOOK. I DON’T KNOW WHAT HIS REPORT IS
I DON’T KNOW WHAT HIS REPORT IS GOING TO SAY.
GOING TO SAY. WE’LL HAVE TO WAIT AND SEE.
WE’LL HAVE TO WAIT AND SEE. HIS REPORT HAS ALREADY PRODUCED
HIS REPORT HAS ALREADY PRODUCED NEARLY THREE DOZEN INDICTMENTS
NEARLY THREE DOZEN INDICTMENTS OR GUILTY PLEAS.
OR GUILTY PLEAS. THIS IS A SERIOUS INVESTIGATION.
THIS IS A SERIOUS INVESTIGATION. IN ADDITION TO THAT, WE’VE GOT
IN ADDITION TO THAT, WE’VE GOT INVESTIGATIONS THAT ARE GOING ON
INVESTIGATIONS THAT ARE GOING ON IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS.
IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS. AND THE HOUSE HAS JUST STARTED
AND THE HOUSE HAS JUST STARTED ITS OWN SERIES OF
ITS OWN SERIES OF INVESTIGATIONS.
INVESTIGATIONS. YOU KNOW, THE SOUND OF HOOF
YOU KNOW, THE SOUND OF HOOF BEATS OF ALL THOSE
BEATS OF ALL THOSE INVESTIGATIONS CATCHING UP WITH
INVESTIGATIONS CATCHING UP WITH DONALD TRUMP MUST BE LOUD IN HIS
DONALD TRUMP MUST BE LOUD IN HIS EARS.
EARS. >> I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT SOME
>> I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT SOME POLITICS AND SOME OF THE FUN
POLITICS AND SOME OF THE FUN STUFF, WHAT MAKES YOU TICK.
STUFF, WHAT MAKES YOU TICK. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. O
O >> ON THE POLITICS, THE
>> ON THE POLITICS, THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY SAID YOU WON’T
DEMOCRATIC PARTY SAID YOU WON’T DO DEBATES WITH FOX NEWS.
DO DEBATES WITH FOX NEWS. IS THAT THE RIGHT CALL?
IS THAT THE RIGHT CALL? >> THIS IS ULTIMATELY A DECISION
>> THIS IS ULTIMATELY A DECISION FOR THE PARTY TO MAKE.
FOR THE PARTY TO MAKE. BUT I DO UNDERSTAND THAT WHEN
BUT I DO UNDERSTAND THAT WHEN MORE AND MORE KEEPS COMING OUT
MORE AND MORE KEEPS COMING OUT ABOUT HOW FOX NEWS WAS JUST
ABOUT HOW FOX NEWS WAS JUST OPERATING AS AN ARM OF THE TRUMP
OPERATING AS AN ARM OF THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND THEN THE TRUMP
CAMPAIGN AND THEN THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION, BOY, THAT
ADMINISTRATION, BOY, THAT DOESN’T MUCH LOOK LIKE WE REALLY
DOESN’T MUCH LOOK LIKE WE REALLY HAVE A FREE AND INDEPENDENT
HAVE A FREE AND INDEPENDENT PRESS.
PRESS. IT JUST LOOKS LIKE A PROPAGANDA
IT JUST LOOKS LIKE A PROPAGANDA MACHINE.
MACHINE. >> SO YOU AGREE WITH THE
>> SO YOU AGREE WITH THE CHAIRMAN?
CHAIRMAN? >> I UNDERSTAND WHY IT IS THAT
>> I UNDERSTAND WHY IT IS THAT THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY WOULD SAY
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY WOULD SAY WE’RE JUST NOT GOING TO BE A
WE’RE JUST NOT GOING TO BE A PART OF THAT.
PART OF THAT. AND I -- YOU KNOW, LOOK.
AND I -- YOU KNOW, LOOK. I WANT TO BE ABLE TO GET OUT AND
I WANT TO BE ABLE TO GET OUT AND TALK TO EVERYONE.
TALK TO EVERYONE. I MEAN, I’LL JUST TELL YOU THAT
I MEAN, I’LL JUST TELL YOU THAT AS A CANDIDATE.
AS A CANDIDATE. I WANT TO BE IN EVERYBODY’S
I WANT TO BE IN EVERYBODY’S LIVING ROOM.
LIVING ROOM. I WANT A CHANCE TO REACH OUT TO
I WANT A CHANCE TO REACH OUT TO EVERYONE.
EVERYONE. >> AND THAT MAKES SENSE.
>> AND THAT MAKES SENSE. I GUESS THE THING WE HEARD FROM
I GUESS THE THING WE HEARD FROM A LOT OF ACTIVISTS IS WHILE YOU
A LOT OF ACTIVISTS IS WHILE YOU MIGHT TALK TO WHOEVER YOU CHOOSE
MIGHT TALK TO WHOEVER YOU CHOOSE TO, WHY SHOULD AN ENTITY
TO, WHY SHOULD AN ENTITY PERCEIVED AS AN ARM OF THE TRUMP
PERCEIVED AS AN ARM OF THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION PICK WHO RUNS
ADMINISTRATION PICK WHO RUNS AGAINST TRUMP?
AGAINST TRUMP? MIKE BLOOMBERG.
MIKE BLOOMBERG. DO YOU WANT HIS ENDORSEMENT?
DO YOU WANT HIS ENDORSEMENT? >> LOOK, I’M GLAD TO HAVE
>> LOOK, I’M GLAD TO HAVE EVERYBODY’S ENDORSEMENT BUT I’M
EVERYBODY’S ENDORSEMENT BUT I’M NOT OUT LOOKING FOR ANY OF THEM.
NOT OUT LOOKING FOR ANY OF THEM. >> YOU’RE NOT ASKING?
>> YOU’RE NOT ASKING? >> NOPE.
>> NOPE. NOT ASKING.
NOT ASKING. >> OKAY.
>> OKAY. BERNIE SANDERS HAS MORE
BERNIE SANDERS HAS MORE INDIVIDUAL DONORS RIGHT NOW THAN
INDIVIDUAL DONORS RIGHT NOW THAN ANY OTHER DEM CANDIDATE BY A
ANY OTHER DEM CANDIDATE BY A LONG WAYS.
LONG WAYS. >> UH-HUH.
>> UH-HUH. >> IS THAT BECAUSE HE’S REALLY
>> IS THAT BECAUSE HE’S REALLY POPULAR WITH THE GRASSROOTS OR
POPULAR WITH THE GRASSROOTS OR HE’S GOOD AT RAISING MONEY?
HE’S GOOD AT RAISING MONEY? >> I ASSUME IT’S BECAUSE HE’S
>> I ASSUME IT’S BECAUSE HE’S POPULAR WITH THE GRASSROOTS.
POPULAR WITH THE GRASSROOTS. BERNIE HAS BEEN OUT THERE
BERNIE HAS BEEN OUT THERE FIGHTING HIS FIGHT.
FIGHTING HIS FIGHT. >> IS HE THE FRONT RUNNER?
>> IS HE THE FRONT RUNNER? >> I -- YOU NEED A PUNDIT FOR
>> I -- YOU NEED A PUNDIT FOR THIS.
THIS. BUT IT SURE LOOKS LIKE IT.
BUT IT SURE LOOKS LIKE IT. >> IT DOES LOOK LIKE IT.
>> IT DOES LOOK LIKE IT. >> IT’S NOT MY BUSINESS.
>> IT’S NOT MY BUSINESS. >> NOT YOUR THING.
>> NOT YOUR THING. YOU SPENT MOST OF YOUR LIFE IN
YOU SPENT MOST OF YOUR LIFE IN OTHER TYPES OF SERVICE.
OTHER TYPES OF SERVICE. HOW OLD WERE YOU WHEN YOU FIRST
HOW OLD WERE YOU WHEN YOU FIRST THOUGHT I THINK I MIGHT RUN FOR
THOUGHT I THINK I MIGHT RUN FOR OFFICE?
OFFICE? >> GOLLY.
>> GOLLY. LET’S SEE.
LET’S SEE. I COULD DO THE MATH, BUT I WAS
I COULD DO THE MATH, BUT I WAS IN MY 60s.
IN MY 60s. I NEVER WAS GOING TO DO THIS.
I NEVER WAS GOING TO DO THIS. >> WHEN YOU WERE TEACHING, THIS
>> WHEN YOU WERE TEACHING, THIS WAS NOT THE NEXT STEP?
WAS NOT THE NEXT STEP? >> NOT EVEN CLOSE.
>> NOT EVEN CLOSE. >> THE NEXT ONES ARE FUN OR
>> THE NEXT ONES ARE FUN OR MAYBE NERDY FUN.
MAYBE NERDY FUN. WE CAN DO THEM AS FAST AS
WE CAN DO THEM AS FAST AS POSSIBLE.
POSSIBLE. WE CALL IT THE LIGHTNING ROUND
WE CALL IT THE LIGHTNING ROUND SOMETIMES.
SOMETIMES. PAST OR PRESENT, FAVORITE MEMBER
PAST OR PRESENT, FAVORITE MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD OF
OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE BOARD OF GOVERNORS?
GOVERNORS? >> JANET YELLEN.
>> JANET YELLEN. SHE IS FABULOUS.
SHE IS FABULOUS. >> INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY.
>> INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY. WOMAN PAST OR PRESENT WHO
WOMAN PAST OR PRESENT WHO INSPIRES YOU?
INSPIRES YOU? >> OH.
>> OH. LET ME THINK.
LET ME THINK. BELLA ABSEG.
BELLA ABSEG. YOU KNOW, A WOMAN WHO JUST GOT
YOU KNOW, A WOMAN WHO JUST GOT OUT THERE AND FOUGHT FOR WHAT
OUT THERE AND FOUGHT FOR WHAT SHE BELIEVED IN.
SHE BELIEVED IN. I LOVE IT.
I LOVE IT. >> I’VE GOT A COUPLE ONE-WORD
>> I’VE GOT A COUPLE ONE-WORD ASSOCIATIONS.
ASSOCIATIONS. IF YOU COULD DO IT IN A WORD.
IF YOU COULD DO IT IN A WORD. SOME OF THEM RELATE TO YOUR
SOME OF THEM RELATE TO YOUR BILL.
BILL. AMAZON.
AMAZON. >> CAN I HAVE TWO WORDS?
>> CAN I HAVE TWO WORDS? >> SURE.
>> SURE. >> TOO BIG.
>> TOO BIG. >> GOOGLE.
>> GOOGLE. >> TOO BIG.
>> TOO BIG. >> FACEBOOK.
>> FACEBOOK. >> TOO BIG.
>> TOO BIG. >> MARK ZUCKERBERG.
>> MARK ZUCKERBERG. >> TOO POWERFUL.
>> TOO POWERFUL. AND THAT’S REALLY THE POINT OF
AND THAT’S REALLY THE POINT OF THE TOO BIGS.
THE TOO BIGS. IT’S THEY’VE GOT TOO MUCH POWER.
IT’S THEY’VE GOT TOO MUCH POWER. AND THEY GET TO USE THAT POWER
AND THEY GET TO USE THAT POWER NOW TO DOMINATE MARKETS, TO CHEW
NOW TO DOMINATE MARKETS, TO CHEW UP COMPETITORS, AND ULTIMATELY
UP COMPETITORS, AND ULTIMATELY TO CHANGE THE CONSUMER
TO CHANGE THE CONSUMER EXPERIENCE.
EXPERIENCE. WE GOT TO CHANGE THAT.
WE GOT TO CHANGE THAT. >> FAVORITE SONG TO WORK OUT TO?
>> FAVORITE SONG TO WORK OUT TO? >> ANYTHING FROM PATSY CLINE.
>> ANYTHING FROM PATSY CLINE. >> FAVORITE ALBUM OR ARTIST WHEN
>> FAVORITE ALBUM OR ARTIST WHEN YOU WERE GROWING UP?
YOU WERE GROWING UP? >> ANY OF THE BEATLES.
>> ANY OF THE BEATLES. PROBABLY THE WHITE ALBUM.
PROBABLY THE WHITE ALBUM. >> NOW I GOT TO KNOW YOUR
>> NOW I GOT TO KNOW YOUR FAVORITE BEATLE?
FAVORITE BEATLE? >> OH, NO.
>> OH, NO. THAT’S LIKE ASKING YOUR FAVORITE
THAT’S LIKE ASKING YOUR FAVORITE CHILD.
CHILD. >> I WOULD GUESS, BUT WHAT DO I
>> I WOULD GUESS, BUT WHAT DO I KNOW.
KNOW. I WOULD GUESS LENNON.
I WOULD GUESS LENNON. GEORGE HARRIS?
GEORGE HARRIS? BOOM.
BOOM. YOUR DREAM RUNNING MATE
YOUR DREAM RUNNING MATE THROUGHOUT HISTORY LIVING OR
THROUGHOUT HISTORY LIVING OR DEAD IF YOU COULD PICK A PERSON
DEAD IF YOU COULD PICK A PERSON THAT WOULD RUN WITH YOU?
THAT WOULD RUN WITH YOU? >> TEDDY ROOSEVELT.
>> TEDDY ROOSEVELT. >> A REPUBLICAN.
>> A REPUBLICAN. >> YEP.
>> YEP. >> BECAUSE HE TOOK ON THE
>> BECAUSE HE TOOK ON THE TRUSTS?
TRUSTS? >> BECAUSE HE WAS BRAVE.
>> BECAUSE HE WAS BRAVE. AND HE TOOK ON THE TRUSTS.
AND HE TOOK ON THE TRUSTS. AND HE DIDN’T CARE HOW MANY
AND HE DIDN’T CARE HOW MANY PEOPLE WERE GOING TO BE MAD
PEOPLE WERE GOING TO BE MAD ABOUT IT.
ABOUT IT. AND HE DID IT -- THIS IS WHAT’S
AND HE DID IT -- THIS IS WHAT’S AMAZING -- FOR THE RIGHT
AMAZING -- FOR THE RIGHT REASONS.
REASONS. IT WASN’T JUST THAT THEY WERE
IT WASN’T JUST THAT THEY WERE BIG.
BIG. IT WASN’T JUST THAT THEY WERE
IT WASN’T JUST THAT THEY WERE DOMINATING AN ECONOMY.
DOMINATING AN ECONOMY. IT WASN’T JUST THAT THEY WERE
IT WASN’T JUST THAT THEY WERE PUTTING FARMERS OUT OF BUSINESS
PUTTING FARMERS OUT OF BUSINESS AND COMPETITORS OUT OF BUSINESS
AND COMPETITORS OUT OF BUSINESS AND SMALL COMPANIES OUT OF
AND SMALL COMPANIES OUT OF BUSINESS.
BUSINESS. IT WAS THAT THEY HAD TOO MUCH
IT WAS THAT THEY HAD TOO MUCH POLITICAL POWER.
POLITICAL POWER. AND IT WAS THE VERY FACT OF THAT
AND IT WAS THE VERY FACT OF THAT POLITICAL POWER THAT CAUSED
POLITICAL POWER THAT CAUSED TEDDY ROOSEVELT TO SAY I’M GOING
TEDDY ROOSEVELT TO SAY I’M GOING TO BE A TRUST BUSTER.
TO BE A TRUST BUSTER. MAN, I’D LIKE TO HAVE THAT GUY
MAN, I’D LIKE TO HAVE THAT GUY AT MY SIDE.
AT MY SIDE. >> THERE IS A BELOVED ACTRESS
>> THERE IS A BELOVED ACTRESS WHO’S BEEN TALKING ABOUT YOU.
WHO’S BEEN TALKING ABOUT YOU. ANNETTE BENNING.
ANNETTE BENNING. >> YES.
>> YES. >> LET’S TAKE A LOOK.
>> LET’S TAKE A LOOK. I THINK WE HAVE THIS FOR YOU.
I THINK WE HAVE THIS FOR YOU. ANNETTE BENNING SAYS SHE KNOWS
ANNETTE BENNING SAYS SHE KNOWS SHE LOOKS LIKE ELIZABETH WARREN,
SHE LOOKS LIKE ELIZABETH WARREN, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH. >> WHOA!
>> WHOA! I’M FLATTERED.
I’M FLATTERED. >> DOES SHE LOOK LIKE YOU OR YOU
>> DOES SHE LOOK LIKE YOU OR YOU LOOK LIKE HER?
LOOK LIKE HER? >> EITHER WAY.
>> EITHER WAY. I’M TOTALLY HAPPY WITH THIS
I’M TOTALLY HAPPY WITH THIS COMPARISON.
COMPARISON. >> YOU LIKE THIS.
>> YOU LIKE THIS. WOULD YOU BE COMFORTABLE IF AND
WOULD YOU BE COMFORTABLE IF AND WHEN THERE’S A WARREN
WHEN THERE’S A WARREN ADMINISTRATION AND THERE’S A
ADMINISTRATION AND THERE’S A WARREN MOVIE, WOULD YOU BE
WARREN MOVIE, WOULD YOU BE COMFORTABLE WITH HER PLAYING
COMFORTABLE WITH HER PLAYING YOU?
YOU? >> I’M ALL IN.
>> I’M ALL IN. >> HAVE YOU GUYS EVER MET?
>> HAVE YOU GUYS EVER MET? >> YES, ACTUALLY.
>> YES, ACTUALLY. ONCE.
ONCE. >> AND?
>> AND? >> I THINK SHE ACTUALLY DOES --
>> I THINK SHE ACTUALLY DOES -- I THINK WE KIND OF LOOK LIKE
I THINK WE KIND OF LOOK LIKE EACH OTHER.
EACH OTHER. >> DID YOU TALK ABOUT IT AT THE
>> DID YOU TALK ABOUT IT AT THE TIME?
TIME? >> A LITTLE BIT.
>> A LITTLE BIT. >> WE HAVE TO ASK HOW BAILEY’S
>> WE HAVE TO ASK HOW BAILEY’S DOING.
DOING. THIS DOG IS BELOVED ON YOUR
THIS DOG IS BELOVED ON YOUR CAMPAIGN.
CAMPAIGN. >> THIS DOG IS THE BEST.
>> THIS DOG IS THE BEST. BETWEEN THE BAILEY CAM AND THE
BETWEEN THE BAILEY CAM AND THE OPPORTUNITY TO MEET PEOPLE AND
OPPORTUNITY TO MEET PEOPLE AND VOTERS.
VOTERS. AND PEOPLE HAVE BEEN BRINGING
AND PEOPLE HAVE BEEN BRINGING HIM LITTLE TREATS.
HIM LITTLE TREATS. SO BAILEY’S FILLING OUT NOW FOR
SO BAILEY’S FILLING OUT NOW FOR A 10-MONTH-OLD DOG.
A 10-MONTH-OLD DOG. >> AND HE HAS HIS OWN GREETING
>> AND HE HAS HIS OWN GREETING LINE LIKE YOU.
LINE LIKE YOU. >> I WANT TO BE REALLY CLEAR
>> I WANT TO BE REALLY CLEAR ABOUT THIS, ARI.
ABOUT THIS, ARI. IT IS NOT A COMPETITION.
IT IS NOT A COMPETITION. >> NO.
>> NO. >> I SAY THIS BECAUSE I
>> I SAY THIS BECAUSE I DEFINITELY DO NOT WANT TO BE IN
DEFINITELY DO NOT WANT TO BE IN COMPETITION WITH A 10-MONTH-OLD
COMPETITION WITH A 10-MONTH-OLD GOLDEN RETRIEVER.
GOLDEN RETRIEVER. >> I’VE SEEN HIM.
>> I’VE SEEN HIM. I’M A DOG PERSON MYSELF.
I’M A DOG PERSON MYSELF. I’M SURE HE COULD GET A LOT OF
I’M SURE HE COULD GET A LOT OF INDIVIDUAL DONORS AS WELL.
INDIVIDUAL DONORS AS WELL. IF HE GOES IN THAT DIRECTION.
IF HE GOES IN THAT DIRECTION. SENATOR WARREN, COMING HERE ON